In previous tutorial, I told you we need to create one database and we need to create some Java methods
to input that data in the database.
So on screen you can see this is our database.
So I'm using user another user, which is my password, and you can change this again.
It's on your domain.
Let me lose this.
So these are the reason we are going to create three tables here, which is basically first is e-book.
Second is librarian for librarian method.
I'm putting the constraint here always e book peak, which is name primary call number is enable what
is basically call number for that purpose, which is basically it should be a primary key.
I am enabling that call number should be unique.
So name can be common.
Publishers can be common quantity can be common.
Issued off number is also it can be common, but call number should be unique.
Similarly ID of E library should be unique.
I'm mentioning that email can be same because it's university thing.
You can part of that and you should book which is call number which should be not null student and not
null student name also.
I'm mentioning that and return starters.
I mentioned all the things.
So these are all about how you can create that table and database.
So let us see how we are going to creating this.
So I already told you you need to create view library librarian form and why it's going showing me error
because in the login form I haven't mentioned all the things here, so it's showing me error also.
I like librarian form also is missing there.
So I created a librarian form also.
Librarian form.
As you can see here in this part and in the images, there are images and all the things are mentioned
now.
So let us look inside The View Librarian.
We need to create Librarian D, but before that, inside the deal we need to mention some DB part.
Also y db part.
I'm going to tell you.
Because we need to mention the database.
So I'm creating DB, which is basically database DB, dot Java and clicking the finish.
So I'm creating your when.
What you can say.
Simple thing I'm creating I'm just creating package.
And let me mention the package is over the simple.
As simple as that.
I created it here.
So this is my servlet, and this is all the things I mentioned.
So let me also.
String.
User is equal to.
As I told you.
And my another user is string.
Password is equal to.
One, two, three.
So this is my username and password.
If you don't have, you can put your default password and name.
But in my case, I'm using another user.
And one, two, three.
As I mentioned in the notepad, also, I'm creating this I already created this part and I created a
grid connection method here and I'm connecting this.
So I will put your database.
Connection method.
So now we are done with this.
In inside the DB, we created this.
Now in the show we need to create a library in video which is basically librarian thing.
Or we can say librarian part adding and creating.
So let me create one so that with the same name library.
And so I'm adding the information and I'm deleting this part, but I'm not deleting the package because
I need to mention it again and again.
I don't want to do that.
Plus, you can lose this part.
Well, it's no longer required.
So let us create library in the world.
So.
As you can see, you can delete this part first.
And.
So now we're done with this.
But in the Liberian being, we need to mention the that part also like importing the this part.
So let me put this first.
And we haven't mentioned this librarian being first, so we need to mention that part also.
So now I'm done with this.
So let me explain this.
What is this?
So it contains all mentions here.
I'm importing libraries for first and I'm adding some class, so it will first save in the library and
being with the taking the name from this and insert into the E library and as you know the name, email,
password, mobile, everything.
Then for the update it's update 11 and name and all the things mobile where ID so.
Nothing.
But I'm mentioning your status and everything.
Then this is again list for putting in a list to create.
All the things you buy ID, you can check, you buy ID also you can delete, then you can authenticate,
authenticate for the authentication purpose I'm creating here.
And it is basically select email and password.
So for the email we need to mention this, but before that inside we need to create Library Librarian
Bin also.
So let me go with this and inside bin I'm going to create new servlet.
Librarian been.
And then with this.
So.
Let me delete this part because it's no longer required, as I told you.
And let me.
I already created this part library.
And so let me use that part.
So let me tell you this what it is basically.
So it is taking this.
It is putting in another part library and being similarly in the library and being this basically constructor,
all those things.
And it is creating one mobile name.
Also get ID, state ID get name, set name if you know what is doing this.
It is just fetching the data and it's putting inside this.
So as you can see, being a librarian and everything is done, but what is remaining is basically view.
So while this view is showing the error, as you can see.
Inside this view is this.
And now you can see this area is also removed.
So you need to save everything.
And we are done with all dimensions here.
Basically, we will have vision and everything, but before we need to deploy some another servlet also.
So let me explain what is Lavorando is doing here is basically for the saving purpose and this.
But what is inside this bin is basically just taking that data and it's putting in another variable.
So why this is required.
If you are going through this, you will understand it takes too much time to process some parts as
this is I am doing in the solid part.
It takes as for the library and method only I created that much part.
So it is it should be like some different things here also.
So if you are managing your schoolbag, consider you are managing your school bag or college bag.
You put in order weights, tabular manner.
You took your timetable.
You choose your timetable or you took your timetable.
Use it first.
Be ready.
Then you are putting the first notebook or your book or anything.
Similarly, what I I'm doing here, I'm creating three packages here.
So let's is for the controlling part, the is basically for logging and all the methods is considering,
but it also contains one DB which is basically the connection and bin being is basically what is the
bin creating bin is for creating all the constructors.
These are the constructors basically.
And from the super method I'm mentioning, this is the super method and if you know the super keyword
and this keyword, so I'm mentioning this idea to, to decide and because it's private, so it gives
me some security purpose inside the database.
Otherwise anyone can check that part and anyone can use that part.
So and all these methods get set it.
What is this get it is for client but it is for so server purpose gate name again for the client purpose
set name is for the server purpose gate email.
All the things are similar.
So why I'm creating two different methods here again and again.
Similarly, I'm going to create for admin part also.
Creating these methods also is very helpful.
Again, this is public.
If it's a public, but all the variables are private, so no one can change this public and all the
things here.
So it gives me 100% abstraction you can see here, and I'm putting in the again and again using this
keyword and return keyword.
So this is very simple thing I can do.
If you I don't know if you don't want to create such methods, if you don't want to create but ideal
condition, you can create this.
And it's very easy if you don't want to create your dimension inside the View library itself.
And this is very tremendous because you librarian, you can create only the view librarian thing only.
So as you can see, this is being ID and everything you can create.
So.
Usually simple and librarian's been been what is basically this is so it will create one method as I
told you beans and everything.
So as you can see, the Liberian bean and bean, everything it will create.
So this is very simple thing I can do with this.
If I change to the bins, as you can see, this will be the error.
So for librarians, Bean is very helpful for me.
And if you know this part, it is advanced for loop or for each loop you can say.
As for Liberian bean, as if you know this Liberian bean.
And so it's all the things here.
But like LeBron video, as you can see, this is a realist.
If you want to evoke or use that area inside Java, you have to go with two methods for normal for loop
or normal loop, but you can use for each loop in any library, at least any advanced or secondary data
like array strings, list, ArrayList, set all things hashing, hash it even you for each loop.
So for each librarian despite being is that what we can instant variable for this list this list what
it will be do it will get ID and print everything inside a tabular manner.
And I'm mentioning your tabular thing here and I need to mention your admin librarian form also added
library librarian form.
So we need to mention what is a librarian form here also and it should be in servlet.
So I need to mention again here.
So let's not.
Because it's Soviet only.
And delete librarian is again so part.
Let me one do thing we'll copy this because naming is very important.
Otherwise it will give some error again and again.
So if you want to delete, it will delete this part.
So always we have to mention this.
As you can see, I mentioned all the things here.
And now we are done with this, if you want to add here.
You can add this part.
So now we're done with Ed librarian or let me tell you one more in been part which is basically.
So I'm going to create it later but I'm going to use this part because it is very helpful to me first
thing.
It's very helpful for me.
Second thing.
I'm mentioning all the beans here, so.
Currently it is no longer required for us because we haven't created such methods for that purpose.
But.
In in advance is very helpful while deploying all the parts.
So let me copy post.
I already created this code.
I'm just explaining you inside this.
So this book bin.
Similarly, I'm going to create one issue book bin or you can say or issue book bin part for the issuing
that.
With some date method in school.
So I'm just mentioning this because I don't want to focus in later part because it's just been part
or you can say method part.
So now we are done with this.
So our been part is done.
As I told you, we created three bins here, librarian issue and book.
So now we are done with that connection part also.
So in the next videos, I'm going to create some HTML and I'm going to add some audio part.
Also inside that purpose and servlet, we are now focusing on the solid part only later.
So in the next tutorials, I'm going to tell you how we can create the solid part and everything.
So in this tutorial I just created Book Bin and we are going to use it later that purpose.
But I already created this so there is nothing but all the student ID and restrictions always create
some tables earlier before deploying all the projects because we are going to use this also inside the
libraries.
You need to add Oracle GBC Library, otherwise it will show me the error again as I told you.
So let me add that Oracle Library also here, which is basically Oracle database, GBC driver.
So as you can see, this is added inside this.
So now our GBK also connected and everything is also connected.
DB is also connected and everything is done.
So in the next digits I'm going to create some subnets inside the admin part and the but we are done
with being part and we need to create some HTML also.
So let us see how we can create that HTML in the next part.